Updates for ease of newcomers (#13)
pulsar-edit/pulsar-edit.github.io: README.md

# Pulsar Edit

> This is the website repo for Pulsar Edit. It contains our documenation and other information users might be looking for. Visit the [Website](https://pulsar-edit.github.io).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is the website repo for Pulsar Edit. It contains our documentation and other information users might be looking for. Visit the [Website](https://pulsar-edit.github.io).
```

## Guide

> ### Tools Needed:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Recommended Tools:
```

Not necessary just thought it sounded better and fit with the narrative below more.

> - Toolbox: We recommend using this as a development tool. It helps with containerization of development

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Toolbox: We recommend using this as a development tool. It helps with containerization of development.
```

>   - This can be setup in most distributions of linux using your package manager or with brew. Brew can also be used on Mac but if that's not ideal we recommend getting directly from the [official website](https://containertoolbx.org/).

Reviewer: Maybe once we have more details we could go ahead and make each OS it's own bullet point, like so:

```markdown
- Toolbox: We recommend using this as a development tool. It helps with containerization of the development process.
  - Linux: ...
  - Mac: ...
  - Windows: ...
```

Author: I mean, there's also Vagrant like @autumnblazey mentioned in discord. I've just no clue in writing images to make sure our dev environments are synced up. It's why I went the route of toolbox, since it makes it simple without me having to touch things with writing an image. Totally open to changing that, and would end up with Toolbox under Linux as an option or having Vagrant with some pre-made images based on the person's OS/packaging flavor IMO.

Reviewer: I was more meaning this as then to detail instructions of the tool for the different OS's like so. For example:

```markdown 
- Toolbox: ...
  - Linux: Can be set up in most distributions using your package manager or with brew.
  - Mac: Can be setup with Brew, or otherwise setup using the [Official Website]()
  - Windows: ... idk Get rekt or something
```

Author: Yea just gonna close this conversation. This is something we need to discuss and change to other tooling so that people's stuff doesn't break when helping us. Preferably vagrant or something like that (if we can find a universal gui for setting this up…).

  - Yarn (don't set this up just yet, follow the guide below)
  
### Setup

> - Clone the repo! Put this where you want it and go ahead and change directories to this

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Clone the repo! Put this where you want it and go ahead and change directories to this.
```

> - Once you've installed toolbox create one using the following `toolbox create pulsar-site` where pulsar-site is the name we're specifying here for this container

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Once you've installed toolbox create one using the following `toolbox create pulsar-site` where pulsar-site is the name we're specifying here for this container.
```

> - Clone the repo! Put this where you want it and go ahead and change directories to this.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Clone the repo! You can do this by using the following command:
`git clone https://github.com/pulsar-edit/pulsar-edit.github.io.git pulsar-site`
This will create a folder called `pulsar-site` at the current location of your terminal
```

> - Then enter it with  `toolbox enter pulsar-site`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Then enter it with `toolbox enter pulsar-site`.
```

> - Once you've installed toolbox create one using the following `toolbox create pulsar-site` where pulsar-site is the name we're specifying here for this container.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- Once you've installed Toolbox, create a toolbox container using the following command `toolbox create pulsar-site` where `pulsar-site` is the container's name.
```

> - Then enter it with `toolbox enter pulsar-site`.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
- After the container has been built, you can begin using it by entering `toolbox enter pulsar-site` into your terminal. If you used a different name when creating the container, substitute `pulsar-site` with that name.
```

# Pulsar Edit

This is the website repo for Pulsar Edit. It contains our documentation and other information users might be looking for. Visit the [Website](https://pulsar-edit.github.io).

## Guide

> ### Recommended Tools:

Reviewer 4: For consistency, there should be an additional newline

- [Toolbox](https://containertoolbx.org/): We recommend using this tool to aide in development as it helps with containerization.

>   - On Linux, Toolbox should be available to install via your native package manager. Alternatively, Toolbox can also be installed by utilizing [Brew](https://brew.sh/).

Reviewer 4: `brew` is the name of the CLI tool, but the package manager is called “Homebrew"

>   - On MacOS, Brew is also available. However, if Brew is not an option we recommend downloading Toolbox directly from the [official website](https://containertoolbx.org/).

Reviewer 4: Same: Homebrew

  - Yarn (don't set this up just yet, follow the guide below)
  

> ### Setup

Reviewer 4: For consistency, there should be an additional newline

Author: Well, this section will have to be changed. Brew will probably have to still be there, but will have to find alternative container methods for these. Just like I told @confused-Techie because I just assumed toolbox was availible elsewhere and it's not. Podman may be itself(what toolbox is based on) but I'm not entirely sure on messing with that and creating the custom images we need.
